I'm sitting here today
See how you beg me later
Oops hahahaha wants us to beg you
You are just dreaming
Hey.
Hello dad
Your girl, who have you offended outside?
To be suppressed by the police
I'm out of breath.
Why don't you let him go to the house and the big task disappears?
Don't go to the house for half a step in your life
Yes, yes, sister.
It must be a coincidence
But don't worry.
What's wrong?
Our Zhou family and Zhao family
I will definitely help you get through this difficult time without a home
I'm calling the family now
Let them fund and help you, hehe.
Dad, I need your help with something.
Bankrupt by all of you at home
Don't come back later
You you
Who are you?
Ah!
Brother Ye Ye
Uncle Ye is me, never Tarzan
I beg you.
Don't close our Zhou house again
Now I know it's wrong, but unfortunately
Uncle Ye, please forgive us this time.
No, it wasn't our intention.
It's all what Zhang Shaojun asked us to do
Yes, yes, it's all Zhang Shaojun, that beast
Can force us to do
It has nothing to do with us.
It's not impossible to let you go
Then the cooperation between you and the Shen family
I will immediately sign the contract for the Shen family
One hundred million. No, no, no.
A billion, a billion, yeah, yeah.
I will also sign 1 billion yuan for our Zhou family immediately.
Yes, yes, our Zhao family also signed a contract of 1 billion yuan
Help the Shen family get through this difficult time
roll
Let me know later that you are fooling around to death